galera ad rapidion before you start
the video you want to buy which to
to be able to open the packets of
season the trotes fulfill by the link
below and use code 11 for those who
earn discount talk 100% sure i
I indicate to you the best store where
is turning thing lately is
fifa.com izone do not forget to buy
using the link below the code in eu
I indicate to you there may check with us
the name is where the church we see one more
video guys again here from fifa
16 in novelty in the air and you already know I'm going
bring you here first hand
this week a lot of news came out
Nice that the Brazilian can be of
back in the next version there of the franchise
fifa remembering that this is rumor
guys then nothing 100% confirmed anything
that is and pronounced are just rumors
more rumors that are already growing there
Long time then let's go to
news item has leaked an image of the
fifa 16 database
But what does this have to do with what's left
inside the database you me
Then you ask inside, everything is
I play there players name
your gold your potential clubs as
leagues and then I want to reach the leagues
in this leaked image install an alloy
gift that left the crowd if stay is
That 's right that's okay here but the crowd
fifa 16 database is present
The Brazilian league means
only one thing she's back in
the next version of the game some time already
this mood had arisen and now it is
increasingly imminent that really the
The Brazilian series A may be back
this is too good
we will be able to set up our teams with
brazil players are playing
brazilian robot fred cavaye r beyond
also that the Brazilian team will
winning new players is 6 I remember not
fifa fifteen the selection had only a few
players there exactly the case
reason for not having players who play
Brazil in the game then that's it
news I hope you have
I like it if you like it and want it
stay inside of fifa 16 news
sign up for the channel not to lose
next videos and also left here to
then spread the good news to others
your friends to your acquaintances and so
on reminding you that
tomorrow
video of the new system of
interception of 16 bride passes also
a very cool news that I'm going
bring you here
so stay tuned, sign up not to
lose the next videos as I said
for you here is my success here
A big hug, I hope you all
Did you like the news?
and was